Update generated code (#854)
async-aws/aws: src/Service/S3/CHANGELOG.md

## NOT RELEASED

> ### Fixed
> 
> - AWS api-change: S3 Intelligent-Tiering adds support for Archive and Deep Archive Access tiers; S3 Replication adds replication metrics and failure notifications, brings feature parity for delete marker replication
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Added

- AWS api-change: S3 Intelligent-Tiering adds support for Archive and Deep Archive Access tiers

```
